welcome to a new video here in
arcadia old age I am adrián and thus tomorrow
and this time we will make a million '
boxing of earphone adapters
xbox one stereo we thank
our friends from chuck mexico that we
they provided the material to do
So this video and we are going to give it a
look more closely at all
components that come in these boxes
this is a closer look at the
adapter with the will be able to connect
any type of headphones at your command
of xbox one in order to enjoy the
maximum of your games with the greatest
quality without having to interrupt
conversations with your friends so it is
the adapter connected to the xbox control
one from there they can control the
chat volume manage the pairs
with your friends and much more
well, this was the one quick bowl
of the adapters for hearing aids
xbox one stereo we hope that you
I liked it and the best part is that
our friends from xbox mexico we
They gave 4 to give away so they are
attentive if you do not forget to follow us on
our social networks already know in
twitter find us how to steal here
of mx on facebook at facebook.com
diagonal arcade mx do not forget
subscribe to the channel and the best thing is that
we already have a channel in tweets that little to
little by little they will find surprises
we invite you to subscribe to twitch
punto tv diagonal arcade to bg and there they
We will update on this beautiful
contest to win some adapters
Well, I have no choice but to thank him
its time I am adrián díaz mariana and we
we see in the next